# v5.0.0: Poncho Wonky

It has been a long road. Today, we celebrate Poncho Wonky coming on its own. No longer Patchwork with fixes, but a new SSB client with it's own path forward.

This release comes with some major changes and that may lead to some instability and bugs, all of which I plan to work out quickly.

It is best if you keep a copy of `v4.6.3` around in case this explodes. I been running this for a week and it has been solid here.

### The app has been renamed

I have renamed the app from _Patchwork_ to _Poncho Wonky_. This changes lots of things internally for Electron path finding. I think I ironed out all the quirks. 

Renaming it has been a decision that was not taken lightly. The main reasons are:

- It is deviating a lot from Patchwork and what people understand Patchwork to be.
- I am not as good a developer as previous Patchwork maintainers, bugs happen more often, but I do fix them.
- I don't want people looking for this fork, to end up finding Patchwork related material that is no longer applicable.

### New search engine

MiniSearch served as a good proof of concept of what a full-text search could look in Poncho Wonky but it came with too many drawbacks. It used a ton of memory cause it kept the index in RAM and it was very slow to start and save cause it needed to transfer gigabytes worth of data between RAM and disk without locking up the UI.

The new engine is based on SQLite and uses a lot less RAM and is faster.

### Multiple Identities

This is the big one, right? The reason to rename, the reason for the big version bump.

Multiple Identities are enabled by default. 

If you don't wanna use them, they won't bother you.

Use the _more_ menu or the actual menu to open the _Identities Manager_. You can create new identities or import ones you have lying around.

You can import by opening a secrets file, or by typing in words from a Manyverse export.

Regardless of how you import an identity, you need to wait until you have the whole feed before you're able to post or you'll break your identity in an unrecoverable manner. Yes, it is a brittle process, but it is the best one we got at the moment.

If you have a sbot server running on another machine, you can import the keys and then just before launching it for the first time, you can edit the identity and set the remote to point to the other machine. This way you can remote drive a sbot server as if it was a local account and it won't use disk space on the local machine.

I will update documentation and workflow of all these cases in point releases. 
